So the screen is looking great.
Now it's time to sign this book and you can see this what is really de-friend to these ones.
This one is the same gluten that you will find in the school of Wordpress or in the back in appears.
And when I inspect these and right here you are in times like these you can see that the are of this
is here on the table you grab the Picardie why you don't go to lunch.
So we have to because you can get at the bottom we have the low bottom primary.
So we're working with the Longinus screen.
And when I use these bays right here we're going to change the color of the now used background color
and in this case I mean I use one of these called or all these these will come together the color copies.
Impales rice and say these and reload.
Now you can see because the color is looking nice but there are some problems here because fears are
considered that he says Malberg radio was this.
There is a bluebottle there and at the bottom you can see this is my show and that's so cute on the
letters and then he says In shall write that.
So what you cannot remove everything is and will not remove the border what are going to border known
what when or remove that can see.
We get rid of the border then we're going to have shadow zero.
And no I think it's going to be there reset value for the picture it is going to win.
I know you can see he's looking better looking then we're going to add book Shadow.
So what going I said these numb reload.
And we get rid of that.
But finally we're going to outboard their radios to hear what are going on to remove them or their radios
of the boot of.
So next you can see here for example if I take a look inside a little bigger.
So what are going to change that.
What are going out of my body.
Well we're not buying them B-cells and top and bottom and maybe if the pieces left and right and left
and right.
So say these and renos and you can see nothing happens because here on the top we have these on the
Picower UI butan with a large.
This one is a bigger selector and also has a bigger weight on your system.
You can see we have padded race you and our selector is not that specific as this one.
So we can fix that.
You've seen an important important say this and reload and you can see that we have the pattern but
you can see that the button looks like the button he's been dreaming.
The prosecutor can see OK it's incomplete.
If you take a look here in this section you can see that we can't be called you UI and this White House
kind of picks and set.
So the only stake in that not right.
That's why it looks like it's been three minutes.
So we're going to change up too high.
And we're going pluck out or in we're going on so important like Cirilo these.
And you can see there with his Louisville looking better.
The last thing that I want to make is to make this bigger So we're going to have to get 100 percent
to make a bigger route on a wider.
Now is that nice.
And I went through some separation between there remember me and the lawyer.
So what is another matter though.
Maybe any pixels something like that save these and reload and I you can see that we have the separation
ratio.
So this is looking nice.
So for example if I look over here you can see it's print in the blue color.
If I go over here you can see that we have a different variation of this color so fierce I'm going to
inspect one of these some of these one on the top.
You can see that because we have these golden Hopkins where when I click on behavior
that will activate this Wooton and then you can see have the a color which is a little darker.
So we're going to lug in book on primary and then we're going to have the background color which is
this one sort or more of these seines And.
Now when I wear I forgot were color so say these are love again.
Now when I go to you can see that we have the color variation ratios in Nice.
So here on day one I select day the Joe Cobb I'm going back to you.
And I'm going to activate a different estate of for example the hacktivism.
You can see when they activate the active code obviously different.
So what are going to companies that call my race you actually say these and relo.
Now you can check active again you can see how we get rid of the blue color.
And when I click on covariances working fine for cause you can see we have the same problem.
So we're going to go for those results again.
So you can see is working.
And finally did.
We don't have any problems.
So in this video we style is what I'm looking nicer I think in the next video Latika we can either Chido
into this form that we have here to login into work press.